README.md, before:

# Lustro
A reactive, declarative, immediate mode WebGL UI framework

## Features

* Declare your user interface as a hierarchy of components, the same way you would with React
* (Not yet implemented) Your UI will react to changes in data automatically
* Use an extensible component system to compose behaviour (think Unity3D gameobjects and components)
* Declare animation behaviour in animationMaps (also somewhat inspired by Unity3D)
* (Not yet implemented) Take full advantage of 3D engine optimizations, like texture atlassing and geometry batching

Note the common theme here: **Declare**!

## Principles

* A UI should be primarily declarative, with lifecycle methods to facilitate imperative logic and react to changes in the data model over time. Inspired by Facebook's React.
* The DOM is too slow. Let's give up on it completely and get as close to the hardware as we can: render everything with WebGL.
* WebGL is stateful and difficult to use, especially for people without graphics programming backgrounds. Instead of building API's on top of WebGL like other common libraries, let's abstract it away completely. Programmers should never have to think about the renderer, matrix stacks, blending modes, and instead be able to use familiar concepts like rgba colors, web images, and so on.
* Keep it simple. Immediate mode means simpler rendering when we introduce animations. Just blit everything to the screen every frame. Don't worry, even your phone's GPU will be able to handle it, at 60fps. If it doesn't, Lustro is doing something wrong.

Commit message:

Update readme - how to spin up server

README.md, after:

# Lustro
A reactive, declarative, immediate mode WebGL UI framework

To run examples, npm install then npm start to spin up a server on 8080. Then browse to http://localhost:8080/examples/

## Features

* Declare your user interface as a hierarchy of components, the same way you would with React
* (Not yet implemented) Your UI will react to changes in data automatically
* Use an extensible component system to compose behaviour (think Unity3D gameobjects and components)
* Declare animation behaviour in animationMaps (also somewhat inspired by Unity3D)
* (Not yet implemented) Take full advantage of 3D engine optimizations, like texture atlassing and geometry batching

Note the common theme here: **Declare**!

## Principles

* A UI should be primarily declarative, with lifecycle methods to facilitate imperative logic and react to changes in the data model over time. Inspired by Facebook's React.
* The DOM is too slow. Let's give up on it completely and get as close to the hardware as we can: render everything with WebGL.
* WebGL is stateful and difficult to use, especially for people without graphics programming backgrounds. Instead of building API's on top of WebGL like other common libraries, let's abstract it away completely. Programmers should never have to think about the renderer, matrix stacks, blending modes, and instead be able to use familiar concepts like rgba colors, web images, and so on.
* Keep it simple. Immediate mode means simpler rendering when we introduce animations. Just blit everything to the screen every frame. Don't worry, even your phone's GPU will be able to handle it, at 60fps. If it doesn't, Lustro is doing something wrong.
